3. Summary of Complaint: Jane Doe purchased a CoolFreeze 5000 refrigerator from CoolTech Appliances Ltd. on March 1, 2025, with a 2-year warranty. Within three weeks, the appliance began to malfunction — the freezer stopped cooling, resulting in food spoilage worth 250. Multiple repair requests were made, but no permanent solution was provided. She seeks a full refund of 1,200 plus compensation for damages. 4. Complainant’s Evidence: Purchase Invoice: Dated March 1, 2025, showing payment of 1,200 for the CoolFreeze 5000 refrigerator. Warranty Document: Includes a 2-year comprehensive coverage, including parts and labor. Service Requests: Records of 3 service calls (March 20, April 2, and April 10), with technicians failing to fix the freezing problem. Photos: Melted and spoiled frozen food items. Receipt for Food Loss: Grocery bill totaling 250, dated March 18, 2025. Email Correspondence: Jane requesting either a replacement or refund; company declining refund and offering a 4th service visit instead. 5. Defendant’s Evidence: Service Reports: Technician notes confirming visits and temporary fixes attempted. Company Policy: States that replacements or refunds are only offered after four failed service attempts. Technician Statement: Claims the customer did not allow sufficient time after the third visit to monitor the repair before escalating. Warranty Clause: States that the company “reserves the right to repair before replacement.” 6. Legal Issues: Whether the refrigerator was "of merchantable quality" under consumer protection laws. Whether Jane’s right to a remedy under the warranty has been met by the defendant’s actions. Whether the company’s repair-first policy can override basic consumer rights. 7. Suggested Conclusion (Sample Verdict): After reviewing the evidence, it is evident that: The product was defective from the start. The company failed to provide an effective remedy within a reasonable time. The complainant suffered additional monetary loss due to the defect. Verdict: CoolTech Appliances Ltd. is directed to: Refund 1,200 for the defective product. Pay 250 compensation for food spoilage. Pay 100 towards inconvenience and filing costs.


git remote add origin https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/decision-assist-tool.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
